graceful
you
Aren't you busy taking care of your junior sister?
Why are you here when you have time?
I have business to discuss with him
Coincidentally, I'm here to confirm
Shang Guiheng, have you sent anyone to Shenzhen?
In your eyes, that's who I am
That is the emperor who made a move against Shanzhen
Your Majesty, the first time I met him
He was poisoned with mercury
I solved part of it for him.
After being hit by the sword, the poison on his body was a little bit more
Such a means is not the emperor, who else could it be?
It is indeed a matter of the palace
What does the emperor do with a counterfeit product?
He even deliberately protected everyone
I hear them say there are not enough people
And test drugs or something
The emperor has now begun to capture civilians for drug testing
I'm afraid it's not medicine
It's poison, no
Let him go on like this
Tongli is about to fall
I'm going to stop him.